[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film midsummer
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
danny's bipolar sister sent her a
cryptic goodbye email
and didn't answer her phone danny feels
very worried about that
so she calls her boyfriend handsome
thinking that he may offer some comfort
but he seems indifferent and doesn't
want to listen to her talking about her
shitty sister
actually handsome originally wanted to
break up with danny a year ago
he has been avoiding her since then and
plans to end the relationship officially
before traveling to the hometown of his
swedish friend pele
however he doesn't plan to tell her
about the trip
one day when handsome hangs out with his
handsome friends
danny calls him and wails over the phone
he goes find her
and learns that her sister killed their
parents and herself
she is orphaned overnight and falls into
great despair and grief
without any choice hanson has to
accompany her and when danny asks him
about the trip to sweden after learning
of it by accident
he invites her to join them because he
doesn't want to hurt her right at that
time
the bunch of friends fly to sweden and
plan to stay there in two weeks
one day danny chats with the other three
guys but they are not friendly towards
her
except pele who tells her he is happy to
see her join the trip he voluntarily
talks to her about his hometown festival
that happens once every 90 years the
midsummer celebration
which is the main purpose of the trip
meanwhile he consoles her over the loss
of her family
and says he understands her pain because
he also lost his parents when he's
little
which however reminds her of her dead
family then he breaks down
and cries in the bathroom when they
drive to the forest
heli's brother has just arrived there
too both of them grew up together in
this place
the brother brings his friends our
british couple to attend the festival
walking through the forest they finally
get to the remote idyllic commune
they see the villagers there seem to
live a utopian life
following some soft music the villagers
all in white clothes walk to a stone
stage
on the stage a female elder ignites two
torches
and passes them to an elderly couple
beside her then
she recites a spell after that she
announces the nine-day festival begins
during the following dancing a village
girl playfully kicks handsome
he is happy and joins the dance with a
horny girl while disregarding danny's
feelings
and totally forgetting her birthday that
day but she is surprised to receive a
drawing of her from pele
as a birthday gift pelle shows them the
place where they sleep
which is like a sacred temple with many
paintings on the walls and the ceiling
and it is also the sleeping quarters for
those villagers under the age of 36
pele tells them villagers here divide
their lives into four seasons
the ones aged under 18 are in their
spring
summer lasts from age 18 to 36 in which
they go on a pilgrimage
fall spreads from age 36 to 54 while
winter covers those at the age of 54 to
and it is when they leave the village's
elders when dany asks what'll happen to
the ones who turn 72 years old
pele makes a cutthroat gesture which
however is just treated as a joke by
danny
suddenly danny is attracted by the young
girls photos on the wall
pele explains they are all the previous
may queens
who win the maypole dancing competition
then
pele asks his friends to take a good
rest because they are supposed to attend
a grand ceremony tomorrow
the next day while the villagers stand
by the dining table
the elderly couple slowly walk out of a
golden pyramid-shaped temple
and come to them the elderly couple are
given a toast
then they are escorted to a cliff with
their hands cut
and blood smeared on a stone tablet the
elderly couple throw themselves off the
cliff
the wife jumps to her death immediately
while the husband survives the fall with
one leg shattered
but gets killed by the executioner who
strikes him in the head with a large
mallet
danny and her friends are shocked to see
that and can't believe the villagers are
doing such crazy things
the british couple freak out and attempt
to leave
but the female elder stops them
explaining that it is just an old
tradition of their commune to complete
the life circle
an offering of the old lives in exchange
for new ones
after the ceremony danny tells hansen
that she is leaving
but he doesn't speak a word and leaves
her crying alone
actually handsome is kind of excited
because he finds an interesting subject
for his thesis now
which is about the commune's traditional
practice and culture
so he plans to stay to continue studying
the local customs
however the friend nerd is not happy to
hear about that
because he is the first to pick the same
subject and has even asked for the
elder's permission to write about that
topic
knowing that danny is leaving pele tries
to persuade her to stay
he tells her that this commune raised
him after his parents died young
so here is his home danny can regard
here as her home as well
dennis is touched because handsome
doesn't seem to be the one
she can turn to she is lonely after the
loss of her parents and eager for a
reliable home
that night nerd is puzzled to see the
horny village girl sneaks inside
and hides a stone under hansen's bed the
next day
he asked pele what the stone is for pele
says it is a love room
that is used to cast a love spell
suddenly
they hear a villager scolding the pp guy
who pees on their sacred tree
then pele immediately gets the pp guy
out there
danny sees the british girl come back to
pack her stuff as well an elder tries to
make the girl stay
telling that her boyfriend has gone to
the train station for something
and he will come back soon to collect
her hearing that the girl is angry and
leaves
for she thinks her boyfriend wouldn't
leave her behind while hansen starts his
academic
research nerd does his too and feels
very excited to learn about the
village's sacred text from an elder
in the evening danny finds the british
girl doesn't appear for dinner
she finds it weird and tells handsome
about that
but a villager explains the girl has
been taken to the train station
handsome finds some disgusting curly
hair in his pie
and his drink is pinker than others but
he ignores and still takes it
suddenly a village girl asks the pee pee
guy to leave with her
telling him she's gonna show him
something at night when everyone sleeps
nerd sneaks into the temple and want to
take a photo of the sacred text
but he is knocked unconscious by someone
wearing a mask of the pp guy's face
the next day danny and handsome find
nerd and the pp guy are all missing
but handsome still doesn't care too much
during the breakfast
an elder tells people their sacred text
has gone missing
but they will not blame it if the text
is given back
handsome later swears to the elder that
he has nothing to do with it
and if his friends ever did that he
won't want to be friends with them
anymore
the elder smiles and asks him to visit
the female elders
at the same time danny is invited to
take part in maypole dancing competition
after taking some mysterious drink danny
is made to dance with the local girls
but she doesn't know what that ritual
exactly means to her
on the other side hansen meets the
female elder and is told that he's
permitted to mate with the horny girl
who
kicked him and the decision is supported
by the astrologer as well
at the same time she acknowledges the
disgusting curly hair in the pie
belongs to the girls down handsome goes
back to find danny in the competition
dennis is happy for she has squeezed
into the top eight
there hansem is also offered a
mysterious drink at last danny wins the
competition
and becomes the may queen the crowd
takes her to a throne
hailing in passion while sitting on the
throne she
finds it weird for she can even
manipulate the plants to move slowly
during the feast horny girl suddenly
walks away and seductively stares at
handsome
dany notices handsome is shivering but
an elder announces she needs to go to
bless the harvest and animals
so she is taken away by the villagers in
the field
danny follows the local girls and bury
some eggs
raw meat and seeds in the ground then
she holds a torch with another girl
and sings the strange song meanwhile a
local girl lays out flower petals to
create a path
from which handsome is led away to a
barn where the horny village girl is
waiting for his hormones
while being surrounded and peeped by a
group of naked local old women
ansem begins his fantastic but lightning
fast hormone game with the girl
right then danny hears the singing from
the barn she peers through the door
and sees what happens right there she
breaks down
and cries hysterically much to her shock
and confusion
the local girls gather around her and
mimic her pain
crying and screaming two minutes later
when handsome is finished he comes to
his senses and runs away naked
but suddenly he's terrified to notice
one of nerd's legs buried in the garden
in panic he hides into a chicken coop
where he finds the missing british guy
who's been turned into a blood eagle
with flowers covering his eyes
what's more the guy is seemingly
breathing handsome is scared
and wanna flee but gets paralyzed by a
powder blown onto his face
making him unable to speak or move in
the final ritual
while the may queen danny stands in
despair the elder announces that pele's
spared from being sacrificed
he is given the highest honors because
he brings new sacrifices to the
community
as the last sacrifice handsome is sewn
alive into a bare skin
and brought to the golden pyramid-shaped
temple with other sacrifices in certain
poses
in horror though he can't even move a
finger but only to see the temple be set
on fire
and burn to ash while the villagers
watch the burning
and mimic the sacrifice's pain crying
and screaming like lunatics
in her heavy flower dress danny is
worshipped by the villagers as the may
queen
driven by the spell she shows her creepy
smile suddenly
this is daniel cc movie channel bye